Update context provider link to point to React's new documentation site (#11290)
remix-run/react-router: docs/hooks/use-outlet-context.md

</details>

> Often parent routes manage state or other values you want shared with child routes. You can create your own [context provider](https://react.dev/reference/react/createContext) if you like, but this is such a common situation that it's built-into `<Outlet />`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Often parent routes manage state or other values you want shared with child routes. You can create your own [context provider](https://react.dev/learn/passing-data-deeply-with-context) if you like, but this is such a common situation that it's built-into `<Outlet />`:
```

This is the better page to point to.
